docs(README): update links and some wording (#331)
getoutreach/gobox: README.md

### Log errors with events.NewErrorInfo

When logging errors, use `log.Debug(ctx, "some debug event", events.NewErrorInfo(err))` instead of using `log.F{"error": err}`. [NewErrorInfo](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/getoutreach/gobox/pkg/events) logs errors using outreach naming conventions and logs stack traces.

### Do not use context.WithValue

Context is often abused for thread-local state. There are very few legitimate uses for this ([tracing](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/getoutreach/gobox/pkg/trace) is one of those).

### Do not use fmt.PrintXXX or the standard log package

> Prefer the [gobox log](https://github.com/getoutreach/gobox/blob/master/docs/log.md) package. This logs data in a structured format suitable for outreach Go services.

Reviewer: Fix this link, too?

Author: how tf did i miss that

Author: ```suggestion
Prefer the [gobox log](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/getoutreach/gobox/pkg/log) package. This logs data in a structured format suitable for outreach Go services.
```
